Welcome back.
In this video we're going to recap what we've learned about closures.
Closures are a bit tricky to wrap your head around.
But if you can understand what the definition of a closure is and how they're used you're off to a great
start.
Another important thing to note is that not all programming languages have support for closure.
So this is something that javascript specifically supports.
So what have we learned.
Closure exists when an inner function makes use of variables declared in an outer function which has
previously returned closure does not exist.
If you do not return an inner function and if that inner function does not use variables defined in
the outer function that has returned javascript will only remember values that are being used inside
of the inner function.
Not all variables to find in the outer function.
We can use closures to create private variables and write code that isolates our logic and application.
In fact the pattern we saw in a previous video where we created a classroom function that returns an
object that used closure is the foundation for a popular design pattern known as the module pattern.
As always if you have any questions be sure to let us know.
Until then let's practice a bit with closures so you can see exactly how and when to use them.
Good luck and I'll see you in the next video.